en,zh: add v1.4 GA release notes and whats new (#2144)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/whats-new-in-v1.4.md

---
title: What's New in TiDB Operator 1.4
aliases: ['/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/whats-new-in-v1.3']
---

# What's New in TiDB Operator 1.4

TiDB Operator 1.4 introduces the following key features, which helps you manage TiDB clusters and the tools more easily in terms of extensibility and usability.

## Compatibility changes

> Due to the change in [#4683](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4683), the feature of modifying storage is disabled by default. If you want to scale out the PVC for a component, you need to first enable this feature.

Author: 英文要不用 `resize` 替换 `scale out`? ref https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/07/12/resizing-persistent-volumes-using-kubernetes/

> Due to the change in [#4683](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4683), the feature of modifying storage is disabled by default. If you want to scale out the PVC for a component, you need to first enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the change in [#4683](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4683), the feature of modifying storage is disabled by default. If you want to resize the PVC for a component, you need to first enable this feature.
```

## Rolling upgrade changes

Due to the change in [#4493](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4494), if you deploy TiCDC without setting the `log-file` configuration item, the rolling upgrade of TiDB Operator to v1.4.0-alpha.1 and later versions will cause TiCDC to be rolling recreated.

## Extensibility

- Support managing [TiDB Dashboard](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-dashboard) in a separate `TidbDashboard` CRD.
- Support backup and restore based on Amazon EBS volume-snapshot.
- Support scaling in or out multiple TiKV and TiFlash Pods at the same time.
- Support restoring a cluster to a specific time point from a snapshot backup or a log backup using BR.
- Support modifying the IOPS and throughput of AWS EBS storage used by a TiDB cluster.

> - Support TiProxy. (Experimental feature)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support TiProxy as an experimental feature.
```
